About Deanna Stennett
Deanna Slate Stennett is a
Maryland Licensed Acupuncturist,
and is a Nationally Certified Diplomat
with NCCAOM. She holds a Master’s
Degree in Transformative Leadership
and Social Change. She is a
graduate of the three year program in
the Foundation for Shamanic
Studies, Tom Cowan's two-year
program in Celtic Shamanism and Sandra Ingerman's two year
Shamanic teachers’ training program.
Deanna is also an ordained minister with Open Ministry, and offers
rites of passage ceremonies such as weddings and funerals.
Deanna used to lead in Maryland a journey group she founded in 1997 that
met in her office. Her Acupuncture practice runs alongside her
Shamanic practice.
Ms. Stennett has taught seven Two-Year Training Programs in
Shamanism as well as many other workshops, including the
original Wild Women Workshop which is based on Clarissa Pinkola
Estes’ book Women who Run with the Wolves.
Deanna has authored a book about her shamanic journeys to the
spirit of the acupuncture points. The book is available on amazon in
paperback or kindle It’s called Poetry of the Body: Stories about
Acupuncture Points.


Deanna led a journey/ drumming group from 1997 until 2020 in Maryland. She closed the
group when the pandemic hit. Jp 202 1 she moved to the southern Appalachian mountains
of North Georgia and lives in Morganton. She is offering Acupuncture in both
Blairsville and Ellijay.
This past October, Ms. Stennett offered her first Shamanic: | earn to Journey course
since the move. |t was held at Mountain |_ ight (Jnitarian (Jniversalist Church
(MLUUO) in Ellijay. |t was well attended. And she co-lead a Solstice Celebration at
MLUUC., where 38 people gathered to honor the return of the sun.
Deanna has ta ught eight ] wo-Year T raining Frograms in Shamanism, as well as man Yy
other workshops, including this workshop on Wild Women. ‘T his workshop is based on
Clarissa Pinkola Estes’ recorded book Wild Women Archetypes.

Dee originally met her power animal when he came to her in a dream when she was sleeping in the crib. She's been connected to the spirit world since she was at least 2 years old.

She's talked to the spirit of JFK when she was 5 years old. Without knowing it she recognized his New England accent.

One of her teachers, name: 2 Moons (Laquita and Cherokee) vouches for her should having been trained much sooner.

2 Moons lives in the Philadelphia area; Dee trained with him weekly one-on-one. During the final 5 years he would allow her to perform healing work on him, her own teacher, to have her abilities assessed post-graduation.

Poetry of the Body Book by Dee contains shamanism and acupuncture. Would love to advertise her book. Subtitle: Stories about acupuncture points.
