Deanna Stennett, L.Ac., MA
Nationally Certified with NCCAOM.
Author of: Poetry of the Body: Stories About Acupuncture Points
Deanna Stennett is a Georgia Licensed Acupuncturist. She moved here from Annapolis, Maryland last
summer and began her new practice, Acupuncture in Ellijay, within Heaven Sent Massage at the corner
of Maddox and Russell drives. She brings with her 30 years of experience in practice and was a professor
of Acupuncture at Maryland University of Integrative Health for 20 years.
Before Acupuncture school Deanna was a homemaker with two young daughters. And before that she
was an Art Major with the original goal of being an art teacher.
Deanna has a love of nature, which acupuncture is based on. Deanna’s book, referenced above is her
personal stories, and stories from patients and how those stories relate to the acupuncture points, the
seasons and nature. It is written for the lay person and is available on Amazon.com.
Specialty areas:
Deanna was trained in a specialty area called NAET, which stands for Nambudriped’s Allergy Elimination
Technique. Dr. Devi Nambudriped is an acupuncturist and chiropractor in Orange County, California. She
designed this method to identify and completely eliminate allergies. The success with this technique still
astounds Deanna herself.
Other specialties include: pain relief, immune system boosting, migraines, relief from chemotherapy
side effects, nausea in pregnancy, and facial rejuvenation.
Acupuncture in General is effective for:
allergies/sthma
anxiety/depression
arthritis/joint problems
back pain
bladder /kidney problems
constipation/diarrhea
colds/ influenza
cough/ bronchitis
dizziness
drug/alcohol/smoking
addiction
fatigue
gastrointestinal disorders
gynecological disorders
headache/migraine
heart problems/ palpitations
high blood pressure
immune system deficiency
knee pain
menopausal discomfort
musculoskeletal injuries
pre-menstrual syndrome
paralysis/numbness
rhinitis
sciatica
sexual dysfunction
side effects of chemotherapy
sinusitis
skin problems
stress/tension
stroke rehabilitation
tendonitis”
